[NARRATOR]
Last time, on
Dragon Ball Z Kai...
The Androids at last made
their presence known.
Catching Yamcha off guard,
the ruthless pair
drained his energy,
leaving him in
critical condition.
[GOKU]
Stop!
You...
Follow me so I can
turn you to shrapnel!
Very well...
We will follow you.
Select the place
of your defeat.
[GOKU YELLS]
[GOKU]
Come on!
[KRILLIN]
Did I hear
you right?!
These guys can
siphon your energy?!
Yeah, I don't know how
they did it exactly, but...
When they
got ahold of me,
my power level
just started dropping
like you wouldn't believe.
[BULMA]
What kind of technology
could pull that off?
Dr. Gero really
is a mad genius
if his designs
are that advanced.
[GOHAN]
Come on!
We've gotta warn
Dad and the others
before they
start fighting!
You're outta your mind if you
think I'm goin' back there!
Not a chance...
Those things tossed me
around like a rag doll.
We're powerless
against them!
[KRILLIN]
Hey! Suit yourself...
but we're going.
They're gonna
have to have these.
[YAMCHA]
This is crazy...
They don't know what
they're up against...
We're just practice
for those freak shows.
[YAMCHA GRUNTS]
[YAJIROBE]
Aren't you tuff?
Fine!
But I'm not
goin' there to fight;
only thing I'm
gonna do is watch!
Heh... There goes a moron.
So, uh... You're not
going to go with them?
Gee, let me
think about it-- no!
Well that's a fine attitude
for a warrior to have!
Not just our friends,
but the world as
we know it's in danger...
And a strapping
behemoth like yourself
is going to sit
on the sidelines...
Uh-huh.
Well, Bravo for you...!
Way to keep your feet on
the ground there, Mr. Hero!
I don't know
how to fly, lady.
[BULMA]
Oh...
I see no good reason
for traveling any further.
Enough...
You are wasting time.
This location will be
adequate for our purposes.
[PICCOLO]
Pretty flat terrain.
This surrounded
by rocky hills.
Guess they plan on
hiding if they need to
and attack from there.
Strategically
it's not a bad idea.
Not good...
[YAMCHA]
They're keeping
their energy on the down-low
'til the fighting starts.
How are we
supposed to find them?!
[KRILLIN]
Goku!
Where are you?!
[GOKU PANTING]
Alright, before we
get into things here...
Tell me how you
two know about us.
[TIEN THINKING]
Something's off.
Why is he out of breath?
All we've done
so far is fly...
[GOKU PANTING]
If you wish...
I'll tell you...
Though I doubt very much
you'll take any comfort
in the story... Goku.
[GOKU PANTING]
You see... using a fleet
of miniature
surveillance drones,
we have kept a close watch
on your exploits for some time.
[BEEPING]
[AUDIENCE CHEERING]
[GERO]
The World-Martial
Arts Tournament...
[FIGHTING]
[GOKU YELLING]
The battle with Piccolo...
The battles with those
of your own Saiyan race,
particularly Vegeta...
In short,
we have catalogued
your progress as a warrior.
We've noted every milestone.
You've been studied
with an eye towards
how best to beat you...
On behalf of
the Red Ribbon Army.
So you've got a grudge.
Your actions
almost single-handedly
led to their ultimate
disgrace and disbandment.
Dr. Gero was humiliated.
[PICCOLO]
And what's
that to you?
You almost talk about it
like you are the doctor.
That is absurd...
I am a superior form
of artificial life
created by a mind of
incalculable genius.
Doctor Gero himself
is no longer among us.
[GOKU]
Alright...
So what about the battle
between me and Frieza?
Did you spy on that?
There was little point.
The sum total of
information extracted
from your prior battles
provided a superb data model.
[GERO]
Therefore any gains in
strength at this juncture
would be sufficiently
offset by your age.
To all intents and purposes
your limits are clear.
[GOKU]
Well, sorry, but if
all you know about me
is from before
I went to Namek...
you're in for a real shock!
Take my word for it...
Your data model isn't
calibrated to Super Saiyan.
Super Saiyan?
[GOKU POWERING UP]
[GASPS]
This way!
Wow. I'm picking up
on some serious energy.
That's Dad
you're sensing.
Yeah... But strange
it's just him...
I guess those androids
really don't have any
power we can detect.
[TIEN THINKING]
I knew Goku was powerful...
...but seeing him transform
up-close like this...
Tien, Piccolo, you
two stay out of this.
It sounds like I'm the
one these monsters want,
so I'm the one
they're gonna get.
[GOKU GRUNTING]
A most
intriguing discrepancy,
this dormant power...
[ANDROID 19]
New data...
Present technique is
discrete from Kaio-ken.
This departs
rather considerably
from the data
previously compiled...
But... It is not
remotely a discouragement...
His strength is within
manageable parameters.
The threat to
you is negligible.
[GOKU]
If that's the case, then
show me what you've got,
and let's get
this over with.
[GOKU POWERING UP]
[GOKU GRUNTING]
[LARGE EXPLOSION]
[GOKU GRUNTS]
[ANDROID 19 GRUNTS]
[GOKU SCREAMS]
[MOUNTAIN CRUMBLES]
That's the way.
[SCREAMING]
[GOKU GRUNTS]
[FIGHTING]
[YELLING]
I... I don't
believe it. Look at him...
It shouldn't even be
possible to move that fast.
[TIEN]
The guy must be invincible!
[PICCOLO WHISPERS]
I don't know...
[FIGHTING]
[GOKU PANTING]
[GOKU GRUNTING]
[FIGHTING]
[ANDROID 19 YELLS]
[SCREAMING]
[GERO THINKING]
He's much stronger than
the data model predicted.
Inconceivable! If the battle
continues at this rate,
Number Nineteen's
energy will deplete before
he has the chance
to appropriate Goku's.
There he is.
[KRILLIN]
Okay...
Oh no!
Don't worry about it...
Goku's got this
one in the bag.
He really is
a Super Saiyan.
[FIGHTING]
[GOKU SCREAMS]
[KRILLIN]
Ha!
He's moppin' up
the floor with this clown!
[YAMCHA]
Yeah. Maybe the whole
energy siphon thing
was a figment
of my imagination.
[GOHAN GASPS]
Gohan... You see
it too... Right?
Yeah... right.
It seems like his technique
is rushed for some reason.
Fight's just started
and Goku's wasting
most of his power.
That... and his
technique is sloppy!
What are you talking
about? He's incredible...
The Android's overwhelmed;
Goku's not hurt...
How's that sloppy?
Sloppy because
he's a Super Saiyan!
If he was fighting at
his full capability,
this Android would
already be gone!
Well... then...
Maybe they drained him!
Yamcha said the androids
have the ability
[GOHAN]
to steal an opponent's power.
That'd explain it.
[PICCOLO]
Steal power?
[YAMCHA]
Yeah...
When I ran into those
freaks on the street,
the old guy slapped a
hand over my mouth...
and before I knew it my
power took a nose dive.
[YELLING]
[EXPLOSION]
Nice one!
He'll be feelin' that
one when he wakes up!
[YAMCHA] Bet you're havin'
second thoughts now!
[KRILLIN] Way to go Goku!
[YAMCHA]
This fight is over.
Wha...? He...
He's just
dusting himself off!
Like all that was nothing!
[TIEN]
Of course!
He's an Android.
He doesn't feel pain!
[GOKU PANTING]
[GOKU GRUNTING]
Come on.
[GOKU SCREAMING]
Yes!
[ANDROID 19 LAUGHING]
[EXPLOSION]
[GERO LAUGHING]
[GASPING]
[GOKU PANTING]
He... He absorbed it!
Yeah... Just like
with me. It's unreal!
[GERO LAUGHING]
[PICCOLO]
Goku!
Don't try to hit him
with another energy blast!
They can absorb it through
the palms of their hands!
Whatever you do,
don't let them grab you!
You're kidding me.
[GOKU]
Heh... Like a...
he's like... like a sponge.
[GOHAN WAILING]
I, uh... don't think he's
lookin' all that great...
I mean, uh...
How much
of his energy
have they
already taken, huh?
That's just it, though...
I don't think they've
taken anything from him.
[GOKU PANTING]
[GERO THINKING]
Excellent.
Number Nineteen's
strength has risen
in direct proportion
to the amount of power
Goku seems to have
expended during the fight.
Now is your chance,
Nineteen! Do it!
[GOKU YELLING]
[ANDROID 19 LAUGHING]
[GOKU GRUNTING]
No you don't!
You fool! Stop!
[GOHAN WHISPERS]
Dad... What are you doing?
[GOKU]
You... dirty...
[GOKU GRUNTING]
[YAMCHA]
Okay, something
is definitely wrong.
Are you sure he hasn't had
any power sapped out of him?
[GOHAN GASPS]
He hasn't been drained!
It's something else,
something with his heart!
Look!
Wait... hold on...
[PICCOLO]
You're saying it
might be the heart virus
that the kid from
the future warned us about?
[SEETHING]
No. That can't be
it... Think about it!
How could he
possibly be sick?
He took the miracle
cure for that virus stuff
a long time ago, right?!
[KRILLIN]
We know these Androids
can steal energy.
That's all it is!
[GERO LAUGHING]
[GOKU PANTING]
[GOKU GRUNTING]
[GERO LAUGHING]
[GASPING]
No...
[GOKU THINKING]
I can't... I can't
catch my breath...
It's like my
body's turned on me.
Heads up...! Goku...
Catch!
Thanks, Krillin.
I just needed
a little pick-me-up...
That's one of
those remarkable beans
that restores ones health
in even the worst of cases,
isn't it?
[GERO]
I see the myths
surrounding their potency
aren't exaggerated,
given the evidence.
[EXPLOSION]
[FIGHTING]
[GOKU GRUNTING]
[GASPING]
[KRILLIN]
A Senzu bean didn't work!
His heart can't
shake the infection!
That doesn't make sense.
How can his heart still be an
issue when he took the cure?
Well, he never got sick,
so he didn't take it.
Dad couldn't see the point
of bothering with the cure
when there was
nothing wrong with him.
[PICCOLO GRUNTING]
[FIGHTING]
[GOKU POWERING DOWN]
Not now, Dad!
Oh no...
He's that much more
vulnerable in his regular form!
What are we going to do?!
[GOKU SCREAMING]
We can't just stand here!
All of his energy
is being stolen!
[GERO]
Stay where you are!
This is your only warning,
anyone who
attempts to interfere
will do so at his own peril!
[SEETHING]
Care to try?
Yes I do.
[PICCOLO GRUNTING]
[GOHAN]
Piccolo!
That was a bold move on
the part of your friend, but...
I would not say
the attempt was wise.
[GERO LAUGHING]
This guy's way
too fast for us!
But if we don't do
something right now...
[ANDROID 19 LAUGHING]
[GOKU GRUNTING]
[NARRATOR]
Krillin and the others
are powerless to act,
Piccolo is
out of commission,
and with his
strength failing,
Goku lies on
the verge of defeat.
Has our hero met his fate
at the hands of the Androids?
Find out, next
Dragon Ball Z Kai!
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
What's going
on with my body?
[VEGETA]
Stand aside, Kakarot!
I'll reduce these
marionettes to scrap!
Behold: Vegeta
the Super Saiyan!
[ANDROID 19]
The optimal method
for defeating you
has been extrapolated
from your combat data.
[GOKU]
Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[ANDROID 19]
Energy appropriation, engage!